Feature/m0137 w 732 download install sdk refactor download links (#462)
MicroEJ/docs: SDKUserGuide/installSDKDistribution21_11.rst

.. _sdk_installation_21_11:

Install SDK Distribution 21.11
==============================

This section will guide you to install the SDK Distribution ``21.11`` using the step-by-step executable installer.

The SDK Distribution ``21.11`` requires a JDK 8 and is not available for macOS with M1 chips.
See the :ref:`system-requirements` page for more information on the list of supported environments.

.. note:: 

   Launching the SDK Distribution installer requires administrator privileges and a JDK 8 installed by default on your workstation.
   If you don't have one of them or if you do not want to modify your default settings, please jump to :ref:`sdk_installation_portable` section.

Download SDK Distribution
-------------------------

Download the SDK Distribution ``21.11`` installer for your operating system:

>    - `Windows (.exe) <https://repository.microej.com/packages/SDK/21.11/MicroEJ-SDK-Installer-Win64-21.11.exe>`__.

Author: @tdelhomenie-microej I remember we discussed to add OS icons

Author: could be done later

.. _sdk_installation_21_11:

Install SDK Distribution 21.11
==============================

> This section will guide you to install the SDK Distribution ``21.11`` using the step-by-step executable installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will guide you through the installation process of the SDK Distribution ``21.11`` using the step-by-step executable installer.
```

> The SDK Distribution ``21.11`` requires a JDK 8 and is not available for macOS with M1 chips.

Reviewer 2: Version 21.11 or lower work with a JRE as well. We don't mention that anymore? I am ok with that, but we should be consistent. For example in the System Requirements page, we mention JRE and JDK.

Reviewer 2: Done

See the :ref:`system-requirements` page for more information on the list of supported environments.

.. note:: 

   Launching the SDK Distribution installer requires administrator privileges and a JDK 8 installed by default on your workstation.
   If you don't have one of them or if you do not want to modify your default settings, please jump to :ref:`sdk_installation_portable` section.

Download SDK Distribution
-------------------------

Download the SDK Distribution ``21.11`` installer for your operating system:

>    - `Windows (.exe) <https://repository.microej.com/packages/SDK/21.11/MicroEJ-SDK-Installer-Win64-21.11.exe>`__.
>    - `Linux (.zip) <https://repository.microej.com/packages/SDK/21.11/MicroEJ-SDK-Installer-Linux64-21.11.zip>`__.
>    - `macOS x86_64 - Intel chip (.zip) <https://repository.microej.com/packages/SDK/21.11/MicroEJ-SDK-Installer-MacOS-21.11.zip>`__.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - `Windows (.exe) <https://repository.microej.com/packages/SDK/21.11/MicroEJ-SDK-Installer-Win64-21.11.exe>`__
   - `Linux (.zip) <https://repository.microej.com/packages/SDK/21.11/MicroEJ-SDK-Installer-Linux64-21.11.zip>`__
   - `macOS x86_64 - Intel chip (.zip) <https://repository.microej.com/packages/SDK/21.11/MicroEJ-SDK-Installer-MacOS-21.11.zip>`__
```

Check JDK Version
-----------------

The SDK Distribution ``21.11`` installer requires a JDK 8 installed by default on your workstation.
If you don't have any JDK installed, see the :ref:`get_jdk` section.

Check the default Java version by running the following command in a new terminal:

.. code-block::
   :emphasize-lines: 3
     
   > java -version
     
   java version "1.8.0_281"
   Java(TM) SE Runtime Environment (build 1.8.0_281-b09)
   Java HotSpot(TM) 64-Bit Server VM (build 25.281-b09, mixed mode)

Now you can proceed with the installation steps.

Install SDK Distribution
------------------------

- Launch the installer executable
  
  - On Windows, start ``MicroEJ-SDK-Installer-Win64-21.11.exe``.
  - On Linux, unzip ``MicroEJ-SDK-Installer-Linux64-21.11.zip`` and start ``MicroEJ-SDK-Installer-Linux64-21.11.sh``.
  - On macOS, unzip ``MicroEJ-SDK-Installer-Linux64-21.11.zip`` and start ``MicroEJ-SDK-Installer-MacOS-21.11.app``.

>     In case of error, check your app has not been put in quarantine (see :ref:`macOS troubleshooting <sdk_install_troubleshooting_macos>` section)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In case of error, check your app has not been put in quarantine (see :ref:`macOS troubleshooting <sdk_install_troubleshooting_macos>` section).
```
